The first thing we need to do to set up our environment as of course install Python 3.
So let's do that now and open up a browser window and within the browser window I'm going to simply
go to Python dot org
and with them the python official site
I'm going to go to the download section and I can simply see that downloads for Python for Windows as
the supplied to me right next to the page and I'm interested in the words and tree not the two words.
So I'm going to click on the three dot sixty five and the download has start it.
And here we go.
And downloading is complete.
So let's just run our install right now and let's just customize the installation.
I want the first documentation Pip and I simply just keeping everything about Python just to get every
benefit for Python and I'm just going to go back and I'm going to add Python to path for 3.6.
This is really important because otherwise you won't have to be accessing the python from anywhere in
your file system.
You can simply type python within your command line and you can just start using it.
Otherwise you have to manually do that after the installation.
So I'm going to hit on install now and alt select Yes and Python is being installed on my computer for
Windows.
It's almost complete and here we go.
Our Python installation is ready for Windows.
Let's just go and test it out.
If we have it and to do that I'm going to open up a command prompt I'll type CMD.
And from there I'm simply going to type in Python.
And as you can see I can see the python three dots sixty five on my Windows machine and I have the little
mice interpreter for Python.
I can start playing around with.
So are python installation as ready for Windows.
And we of course have the pip package manager ready.